today we are going to make a drink basket
software
The materials we need are
diapers gift ribbon scissors gums
Elastic tissue paper of different
colors and transparent gift paper
first we take the diapers
and we wrap them
we hold them with an elastic band
well until we have all those that
we need
once we have rolled all the
diapers we take measurements on paper
of silk
and we cut a piece
once the working conveyor
we put half
and then I have a candy
we talked a little about the edges
and we put an elastic pump
and we already have the determined path
once we have the Spaniards dead
we put them in a basket
once we have put you do everything
we need to wrap it with paper
transparent engrave and we decorate in
our taste if you liked this
video you can subscribe to the channel
videos of crafts in Facilisimo
Youtube